So I 'm going back to another video and I
I'm taking the mold in doing these
parts here in resin is freddy
krueger the base of it an arm and here it is
by hand with claws
so I did what mine here
ours can see a scheme that is easy
to make and use clamp where this clamp is
question staple of carpenter and ne
I'm not done four ways in l with
a flag here to be able to be
in that other part and is adjustable to
my base here
She's 53 by 53 and the height is from here.
with 20 centimeters
so it was a little trick that neither is
This one I'm taking out is even with the
suffocation so you can see from the sides
That your mother does not fit here right?
but to get a big piece is a
wonderful
I will not be worried about the dog.
I do not know how to do this.
I even had a lot of trouble with a do
a mold with a back with box
cardboard a silicone leak leg
of material
I think it's cool that me here until there is no
youtube is one in a video with one
American who did not take mole with a
model of this one only that it was smaller
lower
I ended up choosing to make it bigger here.
make big right pieces then you have this
base here all and 53 centimeters where only
to set you right now in the
mold can stay up to this size here
and here's a helping hand from the Fed's house
rime
already forbidden
I'm just going to have to release the game.
silicone to make the underside of the
Okay, okay, and then bet on
video and with other pieces already in
in this bed made here in bulk and
using this ball after a nice kick here
Mayor, this is his bed at Angle
in acr and this belief that I used for the hand
here is a designer with hardness 10 in
10 call while you move it
It gets soft but now those eca
let it in the air it gets hard so it's good
to pull pieces are very fine pig
I tried to make a hand here in the
normal club on aal soft on radio and
they all broke the gaza
It's the pressure, I'll do it later, I'll go
show how it will look